so on this website, i want you to follow my steps and code it in javascript, html, css and sql. first, make the website a grayish black. then when im on the website, it has an authentication page, which also has the option to make an account. when i make an account, it saves it into an sql database so i dont have to make an account everytime. but theres one account always in the database by default. the username is "root" and the password is "deacon". and when these are entered i get into the admin account. but any other account is not admin. the attributes of admin allow me to view the database and edit the page live. but lets say im not in the admin account. when i am authenticated, it will lead me to the official page with a redirect. and then on the left, it shows a column with a bunch of tabs with their own subtabs. and the subtabs can be shown by clicking the main tab and clicking the main tab to close the subtabs. also enable scrolling. and the first maintab is called "bots". and when opened, it shows the following subtabs, "All Bots", "favorite", "permissionless", "Online", "Offline", "Uninstalled". and thats it for the "bots tab. and then, after the bots tab, it shows a tab but it doesnt show sub tabs. it just does nothing for now. heres the tabs below. "banks", "cards", "crypto", "Wallet", "Stealers", "Email", "Shops". and then it makes a line and adds more tabs under the line, "VNC", "Users", "Phising", "Injections", "Permissions", "FileManager", "General Stats", "Smart Injections", "Autocommand". and then it makes another line. and under that it says the following language that i am using on the website. which i can change. and thats it with the tabs. on the top right, just above the tab box, it says Hook, and under "hook", it says "Advanced Bot Panel". now on to the functions. so this website is a botnet panel. i can phish people and connect to their computer via the targets browser after they get phished. i get full access to their computer and it automattically gets added into a list of bots for a botnet. when i click the "phising tab", it generates a hooklink with javascript inside. and then when someone clicks on it, it injects javascript into their browser which connects their computer to my hookbotnet panel. and then the target on connection pops up in the "all bots" tab. and by each bot, it has a star. which i can click the favorite the target machine that i am connected to. and when i go into the "permissions tab, 
